---
layout: post
title: "Expo 2020 Officially Sponsor Formula One"
date: 2019-11-11 21:50:00 +0000
image: (/images/Media/008ExpoDubaiHeader.png)
tags:
- Expo 2020
- Sponsorship
---


# Expo 2020 Dubai announces sponsorship deal with Formula One.

>Formula 1 today welcomed Expo 2020 Dubai, the next World Expo, as an Official Sponsor with a 14-month association that will run from the climax of the 2019 season and throughout next year’s race calendar. - F1.com

# What is Expo 2020?
Expo 2020 Dubai awarded host of the World Exposition, are massive scaled expositions 'known to average 200k people per day with visitors' explore a microcosm of global progress, culture and investors - held every five years due to their massive scale design projects.

Expo 2020 Dubai aim to explore themes of Sustainability, Opportunity and Mobility, which Formula 1 state 'has a deep interest in'.

Starting from the 20 October 2020, spanning to 10 April 2021, it will be the largest ever event to be featured in the middle eastern world.

## Expo 2020 Dubai will be an unmissable global celebration that will showcase human ingenuity, international collaboration and futuristic, breakthrough innovations – all of which we see in Formula 1 action throughout the season. With F1‘s like-minded audience, we look forward to building global awareness ahead of Expo 2020’s opening next October through this exciting collaboration with one of the world’s most popular global sports.

Anthony Ward, VP of Marketing, Expo 2020 Dubai.

---

AP
