---
layout: Post
title: "F1 Officials secure deal for Miami race"
date: 2019-10-16 20:00:32 +0000
image: '/images/Media/003miamif1trackrender.jppg'
tags:
- Headlines
- Formula 1
- Breaking
---


bear with me ant if ur reading this

# Hard Rock Stadium confirms deal with F1 for track

Miami is one of the hotspots for the American lifestyle and the lavish lifestyle of the rich 1%. So it's probably one of the more obvious decisions for F1 to make about finding a spot there for the calendar.

It comes after a spate of persistent negotiations from Liberty Media and their various attempts to find a space for Miami on the calendar. With several failed deals between Formula 1 and the local Government in Bayfront Park to set up a downtown street circuit, the race series has **successfully planned an agreement with the Miami Dolphins** for a track to be installed around the outside of **Hard Rock Stadium**.

CEO of the stadium Tom Garfinkel expressed his satisfaction on Twitter.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The world’s greatest racing <a href="https://twitter.com/F1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@f1</a> has never been to S. Florida. Imagine people coming to this region from around the World in May. Multiple passing zones and world-class clubs and amenities. Barcelona, Monaco... Miami... make it happen. <a href="https://t.co/OxxUP4NFUN">pic.twitter.com/OxxUP4NFUN</a></p>&mdash; Tom Garfinkel (@TomGarfinkel) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomGarfinkel/status/1184203087831060480?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 15, 2019</a></blockquote>

The CEO also comments in a statement, with Sean Bratches :

> With an estimated annual impact of more than $400 million and 35,000 room nights, the F1 Miami Grand Prix will be an economic juggernaut for South Florida. [...] We look forward to bringing the greatest racing spectacle on the planet for the first time to one of the world's most iconic and glamorous regions.

*They also express their gratitude to the local Government and F1 fans worldwide for remaining patient and showing persistent support.*

They aren't wrong when it comes to it being a *glamorous* region, either. Miami is one of the tourism hotspots for the USA. Combining this with residents who own disposable income, Formula 1, Liberty Media and the Miami Dolphins are bound to make **hundreds of thousands** from this deal.

However, not all residents are satisfied with the idea of the track. Barbara Jordan, the County Commissioner for Miami-Dade, expresses her and many others' opinions.

> [it is] something this community does not want. [...] It's very difficult for me to get past the fact you are talking about a Formula One race in the middle of a bedroom community. That does not make sense to me.

This brings up the challenge of the racing series finding a way to please the local Government. Albeit, they aren't faced with as many metaphorical roadblocks as before.

It does seem that Formula 1 does have their *best* chance yet of finding a place in Florida to race in conjunction with, or replacing, COTA (Circuit of the Americas). With the maiden race being estimated to begin in **under 2 years around May 2021**, it may be time to start putting money aside for flights and tickets once they become available.

JO
